[Autogenerated] So far,
we've demonstrated how we can implement the consuming side of a
message driven interaction using spring cloud contract.
We've achieved this by using a contract to define a message to be consumed on,
then right in a test.
Which trick is that message with the stuff trigger?
What we need to remember, though,
is that our messes will still be produced by a provider,
So we need to be sure that it meets the expectations of our contract to,
as already explained.
This is because by being responsible for sending the
message to the broker in the first place,
we need to make sure the Q name is correct and that the Mattis payload is valid.
This sort of local contractors will provide us with much faster feedback than end to end testing.